# F22-RSF-LV-SS
Final Project Deep Learning

Astronomy is a science field that has always interested us because it has many of the biggest questions about the world, such as: Are we alone? How was the universe created? How many other galaxies exist in this vast universe? These questions only fed our hunger for knowledge and the pursue of researching more thoroughly on deep space. When we researched this chosen topic, we understood it would not be an easy task for us. However, we spent days researching about galaxies and how by using specific parameters, we can create our own galaxies using deep learning. This last thing gave us an idea; we could look for a code script that would help us generate a random image of a galaxy and then we can create an ablation study. This ablation study’s purpose was to show the impact these hyper parameters have on the image itself and how these can alter the image of the newly generated galaxy in different ways that we need to compare each image. 
Before explaining the mechanics of the script, we believe it’s important to mention why did we chose this topic for our final project. Astronomers use different versions of high-tech telescopes that would transmit data to a high-power computer which would eventually help them identify celestial bodies such as planets or stars. However, these images sometimes can appear distorted or incomplete to the naked eye. This is the reason why we chose this project; we believe that GANs can be used to complete the spotty images of deep space photos, more specifically, galaxies. Using an existing code, we attempted to generate random images of galaxies by training a GAN model to do so. Theoretically, and with more knowledge of the field, this code could be useful in filling in those empty spots generated within the input image and ultimately give us an estimation of what the galaxies would look like if completed.

In summary, we began with a research stage, we used the search engine Google Scholar to find scientific and academic content regarding our subject in broad. We researched astronomy in general, instruments or tools most commonly used in this field, the process of identification for celestial bodies such as planets, stars, and comets. Moreover, we also conducted a thorough research process on the usage of synthetical astronomical images and the usage of machine and deep learning in the astronomy field. Furthermore, we then began to look for a code that used any form of deep learning in order to generate images of galaxies and through reading and running different codes we found one that we believed was the one we could use for our project (the code will be thoroughly explained later in the report). Thanks to the code, and the help of our instructor, we decided to conduct an ablation study; this study would help us and the reader to understand the differences between the original code and the modified code. This new modified code would have different hyper-parameters that would help differentiate itself from the previous one and help us understand the importance of each parameter written within the code. Comparisons and a more in-depth look at our code’s mechanics and procedures will be explained further in this report.   


Code source: https://machinelearningmastery.com/how-to-develop-a-generative-adversarial-network-for-a-cifar-10-small-object-photographs-from-scratch/

Initial code source: https://github.com/lucidrains/stylegan2-pytorch/blob/master/stylegan2_pytorch/stylegan2_pytorch.py

General CIFAR-10 image generator code script: https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1CwW1i-esjX6T5bFD906qYzUXbb2iwi_l
